https://imgur.com/neboEZv

The new configuration is composed of two master-servers and one slave-servers. As the master-servers are going to be working based on a Active-Active set up, their configuration must be identical, therefore we need to add every additional element as the simple web infrastructure we had in the previous point. The load is going to be managed through a load-balancer, which distributes the queries according to a Robin-Round algorithm. Finally an additional server will be needed to serve a replica or slave server, helping to unload the masters servers reading queries.

Our load-balancer is using a Round Robin algorithm distribution. Meaning the queries requested are distributed to every server sequentially one after another.

Our load-balancer is enabling an Active-Active set up.
The Active-Active cluster is typically made up of at least two nodes, both activaley running the same type of services at the same time. Their purpose is to achieve load balancing by distributing tasks to different servers in order to prevent overload. On the other hand the Active-Passive setup, also made up of at least two nodes (servers), however not all nodes are going to be active simultaneously. In this configuration, while one node is active, the other nodes (failover servers) are passively waiting to be active as backup in case the primary server (the one being in use actively) is disconnected or unable to serve.

A database Primary-Replica (Master-Replica) is a mechanism which enables data of one database server (the master) to be replicated or to be copied to one or more computers or database servers (the slaves), in order all users share the same level of information. 

The differences between the primary node and the replica node, regarding the application, is that the primary database is regarded as the authoritative source, while the replica database is synchronized to it. The primary node serves as the keeper of information, here the “real” data is kept, then writing only happens here. On the other hand, reading only occurs in the replica or slave node.

SPOF (Single Point of Failure) where if component of the system fails, there is no backup that can support the continuity of the functionality of the system, bringing the whole system to a collapse by being unable to operate.

There are huge security challenges which hackers might exploit because of the lack of a firewall and no HTTPS

There are also huge monitoring issues which can occur when monitoring services are not employed in order to monitor the traffic in and out of the website, also monitor the health and performance of the site and even monitor trends
